# DISCUSSIONS
## Team Meeting
### 1) Brady Beecham - Charge Controller Subsystem and Solar Power Subsystem
a) Complete registration for iMakerspace for SMD
soldering with the microscope.
b) Start coding for the Charge Controller
c) PCB is in manufacturing for Charge Controller
### 2) Abdulrahman Alrudayan - Main Power Subsystem
a) Not present
### 3) Khalifah Altamimi - Power Controller Subsystem
a) Resolve issue with pull request since the Solar
Power is complete and ready to be merged to the
main portion of Github
b) Issue with resistor in Power Controller design
c) Change of resistor value(s) in Power Controller
and/or Solar Power
d) Work on merging the Solar Power pull request in
Github from the pull request to the main page of
the team Github page.
### 4) Kyle Plant - Data Interpretation/Transmission Subsystem
a) Continue working on building the Data Subsystem
as all components have arrived.
b) Working on Chirpstack
c) Stuck on back-end development of subsystem
### 5) Michael Sisk - Loop Controller Subsystem
a) Will start assembling the Loop Controller once all
components are in
b) Plan is to assemble and test Loop Controller on
02/29/2024, assuming all parts are in by the day
before.
## NAVSEA Meeting
### 1) Kyle Plant
#### a) Updating NAVSEA on progress of Data Subsystem
### 2) Brady Beecham
#### a) Need solder paste for soldering buck boost to PCB board
    i) Possibility to solder SMD components using a possible oven to complete all at once.
    ii) Possibly use either hairdryer or heat guns for SMD soldering for components.
#### b) Code progress is halfway complete for programming Charge Controller
### 3) Khalifah Altamimi
#### a) PCB design has required change of component values due to updated values for outputs
    i) Will change out 0201 SMD components with similar THT components to be capable of soldering components to the board
### 4) Michael Sisk
  #### a) Update of the Loop Controller to NAVSEA
  #### b) Updated Lessons Learned notes about the Loop Controller and subsystems in general
  #### c) Final Presentation
    i) Create QR code for link to team Github for Final Presentation at the end of semester
# DECISIONS
1) For all subsystems to function properly, the power subsystems (wall power, solar power, and charge controller) must be functioning as they are necessary for both data and sensor subsystems to work.  High priority on these subsystems as they are critical subsystems to the project.
