# Minutes Week 24

## Attendance
   - Meredith Nye
   - Abe Perkins
   - Sterling Sloan
   - Aaron Stewart
   - JieJun Stowell
   - Austin Williams

## Progress Updates
#### Meredith Nye
Set up the pi 4 B. Began coding work and have discussed with JieJun what the communication between the camera software and the database should look like.
#### Abe Perkins
Began coding work on the website. Conceptualized the layout more.
#### Sterling Sloan
Continued research into open source software for obtaining the RID data signal
#### Aaron Stewart
Sent data on the camera motors to the team and worked on setting up the camera harware all together for eary integration with the pi 4b.
#### JieJun Stowell
Set up the basic database structure on individual laptop.
#### Austin Williams
Completed a large mount of the minimal functionality requirements on the power subsystem.

## Planned Tasks
#### Meredith Nye
Finish setting up the database and camera software monitors. Complete the requirements for the minimal functionality prototype. 
#### Abe Perkins
Continue working on the websites GPS system and connecting to the database. Complete the requirements for the minimal functionality prototype.
#### Sterling Sloan
Obtain drone for testing purposes. Complete the requirements for the minimal functionality prototype.
#### Aaron Stewart
Connect with Meredith about group testing on the camera subsystem. Help ensure pi 4b is outputting well to the motors. Complete the requirements for the minimal functionality prototype.
#### JieJun Stowell
Finish the database and interface with all other project pieces. Complete the requirements for the minimal functionality prototype.
#### Austin Williams
Ensure Dr.Austen is happy with testing and continue to maintain working parts.

## Discussion Notes
* Meredith has a presentation so she won’t be at the meeting
    * She is working on getting the Raspberry Pi set up
    * She was able to catch the end of the meeting and give on update.
* I need to modify the constraints to update the reflection 
    * Note the results that the constraint was too restrictive for the motors
* Make sure to coordinate any changes between subsystems interfaces
* May run into constraints that were too strict or too lose for proper functionality
* Abe is working on the website
    * Submissions is working
    * Maps call is working
    * Needs to work more on interfacing with the database
* JieJun 
    * Moved his code to the raspberry pi and is testing the code
    * Needs to insert dummy data into the database
* Coding 
    * “Demons are out there trying to destroy your code” - Dr. Austen
    * Be careful to make multiple backup copies into multiple places
    * Keep a version history
    * Be paranoid for a lot of code
* Austin
    * Found that the voltage tolerance for the motors is 4.8-6.8 V 
        * The tolerance rating was far too restrictive
        * Need to modify the constraint
    * Took a video to prove that the solar panel is charging the battery for the Waveshare module
    * All other constraints were met for minimal functionality
    * Will submit the updated document to Dr. Austen with the new testing 
* Aaron
    * Out last week
    * The motors are behaving as expected but he needs to do a bit more testing
* Meredith
    * Still working on getting that Raspberry Pi
    * She is having some issues with her computer currently
* Sterling
    * Working on code for the receiver system 
## Upcoming Deadlines
11/13 Minimal Functionality Prototype

11/20 Experimental Analysis

11/20 Team Critic 6
## Other
