# Group 7 Meeting Minutes 23-10-24

## Attendance:

**In-Person:**\
Isaac Jennings\
Reid Crews\
Isaac Hoese\
Abigail Kennedy\
Luke Chapman\
Mabel Olson\
Nan Chen

**Remote:**


## Team Member Updates

Everyone worked on their subsystems and has done a significant portion of at least one of their subsystems.

- [x] Isaac J: Master control
- [x] Isaac H: Line following
- [x] Reid: Position sensor
- [x] Mabel: Chassis structure
- [x] Abigail: Motor + motor driver
- [x] Luke: Power distribution

Mabel has done all the pieces and parts of the frame and did a lot of the calculations for the chassis. Beams can hold much more than the highest possible load that we could ever have. Did basic design for the frame but more specifics are waiting on more detailed information. Most of the attachments are also done.

Abigail picked out the motor, which has the capabilities required of the robot. Is currently picking out the microcontroller and will try to submit both of those in a single signoff.

Reid has finished most of his signoff, just needs to find a few details in the documentation. Has finished the schematics of the subsystem.

Isaac J has gotten most of the markdown stuff finished for the signoff and has gotten ROS working on his computer. Has looked at what previous 

Isaac H has almost finished his work for the line-sensing signoffs. Just a few minor corrections to the markdown file on github. Has begun working on the next signoff.

Luke picked out components for the power distribution, chips have been selected for the 3.3V and 5V power rails, but 12V has been more difficult. Has also picked out a lithium battery pack.

## Action Items from Last Meeting

Members go over what they have done on their subsystems

## Meeting Minutes

**Supervisor Meeting:**

The team discussed with Dr. Chen about the process of sending a review request, which Isaac Hoese will do tomorrow.

Dr. Chen went over Isaac H's signoff document and gave feedback. She said that it looks good, but a few clarifications would be good.

**Team Meeting:**

Team members went around and talked about what they did, shown in Team Member Updates.

## Action Items for Next Meeting

Team members will go over what everyone has done. The team will also discuss the signoff request that has been submitted and talk about submitting the next signoffs.

## Member Assignments

Team members will continue working on their subsystems for signoffs.