# Minutes Week 22

## Attendance
   - Meredith Nye
   - Abe Perkins
   - Sterling Sloan
   - Aaron Stewart
   - JieJun Stowell
   - Austin Williams

## Progress Updates
#### Meredith Nye
Started research on Python coding structure. Completed minimal functionality document.
#### Abe Perkins
Submitted minimum functionality document. Continued work on JavaScript/SQL interactions.
#### Sterling Sloan
Started writing code for receiving the signal. Completed minimal functionality document. 
#### Aaron Stewart
Continued assembly of subsystem. Continue work on minimal functionality document
#### JieJun Stowell
The code for unpacking the RID is mostly complete, waiting on what RID beacon frame it is going to be used(Wifi or long distance Bluetooth). New M.2 NVME SSD is ordered. Gorup minimal function is created and waiting for review.
#### Austin Williams
Completed minimal functionality document.

## Planned Tasks
#### Meredith Nye
Start coding in python in figuring out pi4 functionality.
#### Abe Perkins
Begin working with dummy database to generate detected drones on map. 
#### Sterling Sloan
Finish writing code for receiving signal and begin testing. 
#### Aaron Stewart
Continue work on subsystem and MFD
#### JieJun Stowell
Start working the code for pushing the unpacked RID into MySQL database. waiting for new M.2 NVME SSD to test on device.

#### Austin Williams
Begin testing minimal functionality prototype and work on lessons learned presentation.

## Discussion Notes
- Questions for Dr. Austen from Austin
    - How will I simulate the load for a USB output?
        - For Power Receiver 1
        - Need a connector to go from wires to the load 
    - How should I set voltage tolerances without given tolerances in the data sheet?
    - Will a meter by able to get enough information about the batteries charge level?
        - Module includes a battery charge indicator
        - Dr. Austen had no issue with this
    - Should i order another battery in case they send the wrong one again. 
        - Look into seeing if they have shipped the new one
    - Where can I get the power cables for my power supply that he mentioned before
    - He can grab me one from upstairs
    - Locker next to the desk with a big box in the Mcdearman lab
- Send a one sentence project description for IAB to Mr. Rentschler
    - Meredith is handling this.
- Minimal Function Prototype
    - Austin
        - Check processor system tolerance and output tolerances since the module does not include this information
    - Sterling
        - Send a message and receive from the drone
        - Will not need to decode the bits, but will need to indicate that a chunk of the message is received from the bits
        - Can print out the raw message
    - Abe
        - Might clarify that the data is simulated
        - Otherwise looks good
    - Meredith
        - May need to add a tolerance to pulse width specifications
        - May need to separate the calculated angle with results accuracy and generation of pulse width for that angle
        - Given a pulse width value you actually generate a pulse of that width with a particular tolerance
        - New version is good
    - JieJun
        - Has been working on package decoding code
        - The package frame and the long distance bluetooth frame have different infrastructure
            - Is Sterling using bluetooth or wifi?
        - The Raspberry Pi SSD was not backward compatible for the Raspberry Pi
            - A new SSD has been ordered
    - Aaron
        - Checking specifications for the motors
            - So far it seems to be behaving as specified
        - Running into issues mounting the camera to the handbar
        - Camera works and has a quality picture
            - The tuning of the lease has been difficult
            - Image quality may not be as good at a large range
        - Does he have data on angle vs pulse width
            - He will have to get that to Meredith at some point
    - Hoping to get mapping chart to get that to here within a weekBasically a variable resistor 
    - Measure voltage at the source with high current 
## Upcoming Deadlines
Oct. 28 - Minimal Functionality Prototype

Oct. 23 - CATME Round 4
## Other
