# Minutes Week 4

## Attendance
   - Meredith Nye
   - Abe Perkins
   - Sterling Sloan
   - Aaron Stewart
   - JieJun Stowell
   - Austin Williams

## Progress Updates
#### Meredith Nye
Continued work on project proposal, organized noted on subsystems, created beginnings of a gantt chart
#### Abe Perkins
Attended meeting with campus police, continued work on drafting project proposal, and continued research on remote ID signal deconstruction techniques.
#### Sterling Sloan
Met with campus police, helped revise project proposal, and wrote required sections for proposal.
#### Aaron Stewart
Met with campus police, helping edit and revise project proposal, continued finalizing required standards and laws for project
#### JieJun Stowell
helped revide project proposal and continued research
#### Austin Williams
Met with campus police, met with Dr. Austen for his input on the team's first draft of shall statements, and worked on the project proposal. 

## Planned Tasks
#### Meredith Nye
Complete work on project proposal. 
#### Abe Perkins
Complete work on project proposal. 
#### Sterling Sloan
Complete work on project proposal.
#### Aaron Stewart
Complete work on project proposal.
#### JieJun Stowell
Complete work on project proposal. 
#### Austin Williams
Complete work on project proposal.

## Discussion Notes
- Meeting with Campus Police
   - Drones already an issue with them at social events
   - Preferred website to interact with data and mapping.
      - Accessed and relayed by dispatchers.
      - Any issues with privacy and security?
         - Cover with SSO MFA, speak to ITS
   - Cover a bit of off-campus for tracking the person controlling the drone
      - Perfect Distance: Corner of Willow and 15th Street
         - With a 3 mile radius, can
   - Requested a whitelist system for approved drones
      - Timed, expiring tags
   - Location of Remote ID sensor
      - Recommended for single sensor design: LSC Roof
         - One receiver is limited in detecting anything below it’s level
         - Ensure building itself does not block signal
         - Engineering issue, investigate building sites
   - Good Resources:
      - Sharon Holderman
         - Records, retention, etc
      - Marty Reeder
         - Facilities
- Subsystems
   - Austen agrees mostly with Dr. Roberts
      - 4 Subsystems
         - Power Input
         - Sensor Array + Decoding
            - Will be a bit complex, two bands of data for Remote ID
         - Networking
         - Database + Mapping
            - Possibly divide into Sub-Subsystems?
      - 2 Additional
         - Camera Hardware + Tracking
            - Difficult to track accurately, keep in back pocket
            - If going to be added, possibly split into two parts: Hardware + Tracking Software
               - Keep an option to point camera at Pilot instead of drone if within bounds
         - Website
            - Possibly a totally different subsystem or wrapped up into another
   - Look into items required for each subsystem and attempt to break up sub-systems into independent
   - Meredith – Advocate for Camera System
   - Sterling – Sensor Arrays
   - JieJun & Abe – Network and Database Stuff
   - Austin – Power
   - Aaron – Floating
- Shall Statements
   - “We Shall or System Shall?
      - “System Shall” should be used in as many cases as possible
   - Number 4
      - Add “Real-Time” To Data Displayed Clause
   - Number 3 and 5
      - May not want to tie each one together
         - Database of permitted Drones, whitelist from Alerts
      - Change “Unauthorized” to Non-preauthorized
      - Add in a clause to allow for permanent whitelisting of specific drone IDs until manually revoked by campus police
   - Potentially remove:
      - Standard 6
   - Potentially Add:
      - Shall Assign priorities to sensitive areas
         - Alert levels (idea)
            - Zero, non sensitive areas, unauthorized zones
            - One, Large Crowds, Stadiums
            - Two, Dormitories
- Long-Term Maintenance and Upkeep
   - Possibly Future Work
      - 2nd Generation of Capstone
   - Due to being infrastructure, needs to be serviceable
      - Easy to remove batteries, connected to main-line power, easy to replace items, standardized parts that are able to be interchangeable
- Existing Solutions
   - Apps
   - Company makes a “Micro Doppler Radar”
      - Able to sense position fluctuations, differentiate birds and drones
      - Out of Scope for project, but still a possible solution to drones
         - Doesn’t Differentiate Drones
   - Lots of solutions
   - DJI Solutions are expensive and no longer in-production
      - Our solution is cheaper

## Upcoming Deadlines
Project Proposal: 2/19/24

## Other
