# DISCUSSIONS
## Team Meeting
### 1) Brady Beecham - Charge Controller Subsystem and Solar Power Subsystem
      a) PCB design and route sizing
### 2) Abdulrahman Alrudayan - Main Power Subsystem
      a) Questions in regard to MOSFETs in design and needing team input.
### 3) Khalifah Altamimi - Power Controller Subsystems
      a) Parts have been ordered and waiting for parts to arrive.
### 4) Kyle Plant - Data Interpretation/Transmission Subsystem
      a) Will be working on building the Data Subsystem
      b) Still waiting on Raspberry Pi from Roberts for the Data Subsystem
### 5) Michael Sisk - Loop Controller Subsystem
      a) Waiting on pull request review to be completed by Roberts.
## NAVSEA Meeting
     1) Brady Beecham
        a) PCB Design
          i) Shorter traces eliminate any line losses with shorter routes.
          ii) Logic is sound on the traces for the Charge Controller PCB.
          iii) Biggest concern on the PCB is the noise from other lines that may affect the operation of the PCB.
      2) Waiting on reviews from Roberts, parts to arrive to the ECE office, and starting to build the products of the numerous subsystems are the current states of the project.
      3) Components for the Loop Controller the SMD components are replaced with the THT components that are if not exactly the same, then very similar to the SMD components that were replaced.
      4) Risk statements
        a) ”If this example happens, then this is resulting consequence” is an example.
        b) ”What can we do if it goes wrong” is an example of how to respond to if error occurs.
# DECISIONS
  1) Meetings on Mondays during the lecture time of Capstone to discuss meeting agenda for meeting with Roberts on Wednesday.
