# Minutes Week 7

## Attendance
   - Meredith Nye
   - Abe Perkins
   - Sterling Sloan
   - Aaron Stewart
   - JieJun Stowell
   - Austin Williams

## Progress Updates
#### Meredith Nye
Added citations to the planning draft, corrected grammar and formatting, added details to the shall statements, added diagram files to document.             
#### Abe Perkins
#### Sterling Sloan
#### Aaron Stewart
#### JieJun Stowell
#### Austin Williams
Worked on conceptual design subsystem detail and helped detail the power system for the block diagram.

## Planned Tasks
#### Meredith Nye
Add timeline information and create a more detailed gantt chart for the planning draft. Submit meeting minutes and planning draft
#### Abe Perkins
#### Sterling Sloan
#### Aaron Stewart
#### JieJun Stowell
#### Austin Williams
Continue adding more detail to conceptual desgin for the final version

## Discussion Notes
- Concept Design Progress
   - New and Improved Block Diagram
      - Added more details for transmitted data, steps, etc
      - Power: Separated the individual components
         - Sensor: Power Supply from wall
         - Camera: Potenially Remote, add a battery
            - Consider thermal implications of batteries
            - Monitor Battery health
         - Energy concerns: System will need ability to recharge
            - Look into solar panels (wind if you’re feeling dangerous)
               - Look into probability of power insufficiency on cloudy days
      - Sensor – Potentially add energy redundancy to the sensor system?
         - If power goes down and we lose that data, how much of a loss is it really?
            - If 24hr utime wanted, then yes
               - Uninterruptible Power Supply (UPS)
                  - Off shelf – saves time, more expensive, will work.
                  - Homemade – saves money, adds more complexity, may not work if designed improperly.
      - Network
         - Lack of clarity regarding labels in block diagram
            - Move labels to system-specific areas
            - Rename “Cloud Storage” to “Database”
            - AVOID SPECIFICITY
            - Say “Wifi” instead of specifying the frequency
         - What does the network do?
            - Package and unpack data while transmiƫng
         - This system is going to focus as a pipeline only
         - Sending relevant data direct to camera?
            - Sending to database can limit power usage if we can detect that they’re an authorized entity.
         - Why would we need a cloud-server instead of SQL?
            - SQL is a language used to make the database talk?
               - Would we want our own database?
                  - Clouds evaporate, privacy issues may arise from it being stored on another computer.
      - Camera Tracking
         - Remove Specification for image quality
      - Website
   - Rough Draft is mostly complete, needing review
- Proposal Review
   - Statement disallowing drone traffic on campus
      - Found policy regarding UAS on-campus
         - Directs all laws to Federal, State, local
      - Section of ruling allowing for recreational and hobbyist flights
         - 49 USC 44809
         - Research and Educational exemption
            - Specifically applies to these standards
   - Testing
      - Clarify that the tester will be a certified pilot
         - Get certified
         - Get a drone
   - Signal Dictionary definition
      - “I thought that was pretty lame” – Dr. Austen
         - Remove citation and signal definition
      - Avoid Wikipedia references (we didn’t do this, just good to be reminded of)
   - Background
      - Things that will be needed to be learned
         - Remove areas speaking about “weaknesses” in group members
      - “Keep up the good work!” – Dr. Austen
- Moving forward:
   - Network and Website:
      - Network is more of a “at this end, who processes and who receives”
         - Potentially dissolve Network, turn the website into a split-system
      - Using the network as a pipeline
         - Entangles subsystem into two parties
         - Hard to move when two people need to test the same thing
      - SQL and Database pretty much one subsystem
         - Threat levels
      - List out functionality, justify complexity
   - Power over ethernet
      - Possible alternative for power if LAN connection is possible
         - Research and see implementation
         - Possibly kills power subsystem
- When moving to concise, justify the “why”
   - Does the network infrastructure has backup?
      - How long does it last
      - How reliable?
   - Will we need to have system monitoring to alert when a problem is detected 

## Upcoming Deadlines
3/8/24 Detailed Design and Planning Draft

3/17/24 Detailed Design and Planning Completed Document

## Other
