# Group 7 Meeting Minutes 23-10-12

## Attendance:

**In-Person:**\
Luke Chapman\
Mabel Olson\
Reid Crews\
Isaac Jennings\
Isaac Hoese

**Remote:**


## Team Member Updates

Everyone went through and added an analytical verification section to each of their subsystems.

Reid and Isaac H added an additional subsection for the sensor microcontroller.

Additions were added to the document in Teams in red to make for easy moving over too Overleaf.


## Action Items from Last Meeting

Go over all of the additions to the Teams conceptual design document made in response to the feedback left by Prof Roberts.

## Meeting Minutes

Dr. Chen was unable to attend due to illness this week, but the team sent her the conceptual design document to look over before submission

The team went through all of the edits and additions made to the conceptual document and approved them after a few adjustments.

The team also changed the gannt chart to where there is very little double-booking of team members.

The team discussed more design specifics for layout of the robot components and what to put into a signoff for each subsystem.

The conceptual design pdf was sent to Dr. Chen to look over.

## Action Items for Next Meeting

Go over the work done on each person's subsystems and discuss.

## Member Assignments

Each member should begin the design/research of one of their subsystems in preparation for the detailed design checkpoints

Each member should also start looking at past signoffs for similar capstone subsystems