# Minutes Week 11

## Attendance
   - Meredith Nye
   - Abe Perkins
   - Sterling Sloan
   - Aaron Stewart
   - JieJun Stowell
   - Austin Williams

## Progress Updates
#### Meredith Nye
Completed the storage drive analysis and constraints for the receiver system. Made changes to the project proposal based on feedback from Dr. Austen.   
#### Abe Perkins
Worked on the Bill of Materials for the receiver subsystem detail design. Assisted with making decisions pertaining to SDR/antenna selection and subsystem location.
#### Sterling Sloan
#### Aaron Stewart
Assisted with research for reciever subsystem detail design. Edited detail design proposal based on input from team mates.
#### JieJun Stowell
Workded on the schematic for receiver subsystem detail design.
#### Austin Williams

## Planned Tasks
#### Meredith Nye
Submit meeting minutes, make changes to contraints on the reciever system based on meeting feedback, complete the camera software subsystem detailed design. Add Dr.Austen into the github. 
#### Abe Perkins
Complete website subsystem detail design document and create pull request. Assist others with their respective detail designs and revise project proposal. 
#### Sterling Sloan
#### Aaron Stewart
Complete camera system detail design document and create pull request. Assist other teammates where needed.
#### JieJun Stowell
Complete database subsystem document and create pull request.
#### Austin Williams

## Discussion Notes
Detailed Design:
- Need to add Dr. Austen to the github for pull request authorization
   - Changes to good-faith design
      - Need to add more metrics and proof of concept for the final version
      - Ensure that all methods are justifiable and usable for the project
         - Weed out all alt-solutions
- All subsystems will have a good-faith entry by Wednesday, April 10
- Initial Feedback:
   - Why “Design Constraint” for source?
      - Maybe change the wording here
      - RID signal band comes directly from standardized documentation
         - Add FCC source
   - “Shall only unpack and read data from the RID signal”
      - Be careful with using “Only” here, will lock us into a corner
      - Reword sentence to say “shall only utilize RID signals and ignore any other signals”
   - “Shall store the data for 90 days”
      - Modify to “store the data for no more than 90 days”
   - “Shall receive data from RID emitting drones”
      - Obvious, but good to write
   - “Shall receive all RID emitting drones
   - “Shall track drones on the contiguous TTU campus”
      - If it flies from out-of-bounds, enters our airspace, then retreats back to off campus?
         - RID will give the location of the pilot
         - Re-word to account for this scenario
         - If it detects a drone flight outside of the bounds, should you store in case they enter campus airspace?
   - “Shall receive signals from a minimum radius of 600 meters”
      - Need good evidence to justify this one
      - How to justify this?
         - Tied to two things:
            - Reception distance
            - Reciever placement
         - Bluetooth and Wifi have a standard for receptive sensitivity
            - From signal strength and receptibility, find effective range of sensor
         - Also need to look into the module method for proper elimination
   - Start looking into testing criteria for our detail design items
- Documentation for Aircraft tracking system
   - Raspberry Pi + Servos
   - Ensure weather resistance
      - Birds ruined that one
   
Other Things:
- Seminar about Drone RID
   - Thursday, April 11 2024
      - 1900 CST (7pm)
      - https://www.faasafety.gov/SPANS/.....
- Continue working on project proposal revision
   - Clarification on subsystem feedback
      - We found multiple systems
         - Keep the scope down to Remote ID Sensing systems for major consideration. Mention the others, but mark them as out-of-scope.
      - Continue beefing up background and standards
      - Beef up measures of success
         - Make sure its measurable, feasible, and prove-able in court (industry standard)
         - Assign numbers to success definition
- We will let Dr. Austen know when we are ready to have our systems reviewed
   - Don’t close issue until you’re SURE that the criteria have been met

## Upcoming Deadlines
Detailed Design Checkpoint 2: 4/10

Catme evaluation: 4/12
## Other
