# Group 7 Meeting Minutes 23-09-05

## Attendance:

**In-Person:**
Nan Chen
Mabel Olson
Luke Chapman
Reid Crews
Isaac Hoese
Isaac Jennings
Abigail Kennedy

**Remote:**


## Team Member Updates

Team members made edits and additions to the project proposal document and to the budget document on Microsoft Teams.

## Action Items from Last Meeting

Have Dr. Chen look over what has been done on the project proposal so far. 

## Meeting Minutes

**Meeting with Dr. Chen**

For sources: Should have as many academic papers as possible, but if not then we should have articles from good sources. Sources will be checked.

Wireless power feasibility will likely depend on power rating required. If only two batteries are required then maybe it would be fine.

Wireless power is a reach goal but not mandatory.

Get parameters first and see if anyone else has already done similar stuff.

Can the capacitive wireless power transfer get a power rating high enough?

EMF may affect other parts of the robots. Specific requirements for power management.

With wireless power transfer - do we have the time, materials, etc. to dedicate to this?

With more functionalities, the integration of the component gets more difficult.

Feedback from Dr. Chen:\
More specific task requirements in the shall statements. The 1/3 of the robot volume requirement mentioned needs to have a justification for where that number comes from. Maybe change wording on the flexibility section of the shall statements to something more like "plug and play" since what we are attempting to do is have a modular design where modules can be added and removed easily.

What do we interpret the requirements of a "basic" robot for the SECON competition are?

Normal sensing range should be within the SECON competition area. The SECON competition area is 4 ft x 8 ft.

Should see what things are needed by the competition frequently and add that to the task that robot needs to be able to complete.

We should add redundancies in sensors for reliability, but need to add specific redundancy requirements (in % reliability or similar, double-check with Roberts on redundancy requirements) to shall statements.

Some SECON competition robots have open source documentation of what they did on github and in papers online.

Jetson nano may be being discontinued?\
After looking into it, it is not being discontinued, it was an older version.

Ordering is done team-by-team where every team submits ordering forms for what they need.

From Dr. Chen: $1000-$2000 for robot is probably fine.

Will often have separate microcontrollers for power, sensing, etc. connected to the overall controller that controls everything.

There should be some flexibility in the different design stages.

For this stage we should collect as much information as we need so that we can be specific about what we want to do.

The proposal will be what our team, the mentor, and customer, will reference when doing the conceptual design.

**Team Meeting**

The team went though the proposal together and revised the document.

Discussed ideas about redundancy for sensors and what other higher level systems have done with having three sensors where the input is determined by whatever the majority of the sensors agree on. Also discussed having a separate microcontroller, such as an arduino, that only controls sensors and sends the consensus and other data to the master controller.

Will probably need to make a meeting with Dr. Van Neste to understand his wireless charging better.

Will meet at 1 pm on Thursday in the library work on the proposal more.

## Action Items for Next Meeting

- [ ] Continue working on the proposal

## Member Assignments

- [ ] Work on the proposal more, especially the background section
- [ ] Add bullet points for the measures of success