# Minutes Week 16

## Attendance
   - Abe Perkins
   - Sterling Sloan
   - Aaron Stewart
   - JieJun Stowell
   - Austin Williams

## Progress Updates
#### Meredith Nye
Completed camera software subsection signoff sections other than the analyis and requested feedback from Dr.Austen. Worked on Analysis section.
#### Abe Perkins
Revised Website subsystem signoff per Dr. Austen's feedback. Working on completing the flowchart and analysis sections before requesting another review. 
#### Sterling Sloan
#### Aaron Stewart
Completed camera hardware subsection signoffs other than analysis and system construction, requested feedback from Dr. Austen. Continued work on deficient sections
#### JieJun Stowell
#### Austin Williams
Take meeting notes and work towards signoff for power subsystems.

## Planned Tasks
#### Meredith Nye
Complete the analysis section of signoff and submit for feedback. Adjust subsystem based on feedback. Turn in meeting minutes
#### Abe Perkins
Meet with Sterling and JieJun to discuss the minimum hardware resources required for the project to function as intended. Obtain Signoff from Dr. Austen
#### Sterling Sloan
#### Aaron Stewart
Complete system for signoff
#### JieJun Stowell
#### Austin Williams
Continue work towards signoff for the power subsystems.

## Discussion Notes
- Class Session
    - Team Critique 1 is open now
    - Design due date is now Sept. 16
    - Begin to order once you are signed off.
- Meeting with Dr. Austen
    - Meredith review
        - Send Dr. Austen an email to let him know that you are ready for review
        - Let him know that the analysis portion is still being worked on
    - Abraham
        - Host name acquisition for the website
            - Where is the server going to be located for the website and database? (JA)
                - Look at it from the user’s viewpoint
                - How are they going to connect with it and send information to it?
                - What is their interface
                    - The webpage
                - You need an IP or a host name to connect
                - If you want the server to live in the TTU network you need to coordinate with ITS to get one assigned.
                    - May not need to do this yet
                    - For testing we can connect to wifi and use IP numbers
                    - In the sign off, note that a host name will be required for user friendless, but is not essential for now
    - Aaron
        - Similar to the Website system we don’t need roof access for testing
            - Eventually we would need some sort of roof access 
            - Need to consider how many locations and where we would need to put those cameras to get the best coverage
            - Work with facilities at that point
            - It needs to be thought about in our plan, but is not essential at the current point of the project
            - Need to consider the communication with the sensor system when considering locations 
        - Enclosure issues
            - Field of view will be limited by corners and edges by the enclosure currently chosen
            - Look up outdoor security cameras
                - Is the enclosure moving with the camera?
                - Think about different enclosures that can give you more flexibility 
                - Two forms
                    - Box moves with the camera
                    - Clear half dome that you mount somewhere 
                - A rectangular box will cause issues with the ability to see in certain directions
                - Consider how far you want to be able to pan and tilt
                    - The current servos have 270 degrees horizontal and 180 degrees vertical tilt 
                    - More research will be done on the enclosure
            - A bit of a harder issues than looking just down like a typical security camera
                - May have to make a choice on what angles we will be able to see the drone
                - Is it more valuable to describe the drone or the pilot? (JA)
                    - We already have information on the drone from Remote ID
                    - A description of the person is likely more valuable to campus police 
                - Aaron will speak with Meredith on this 
## Upcoming Deadlines
9-16-2024 - Signoffs Due
## Other
