# Group 7 Kickoff Meeting Minutes 23-09-01

## Attendance:

**In-Person:**
Jesse Roberts\
Nan Chen\
Isaac Jennings\
Isaac Hoese\
Reid Crews\
Luke Chapman\
Abigail Kennedy\
Mabel Olson

**Remote:**

## Meeting Minutes

Details about Project from Roberts:

Most of the IEEE robot project is the same, just the specific challenges are different. Every year the IEEE competition team starts from scratch and the team should just "inherit" the base robot that has a few options for sensors - lidar, sonar, etc. for navigation. Computing infrastructure - Rasperry Pi, Jetson Nano is better. Having basic nav, control system, and motor config system would be good.

Building the system so that it is flexible enough to be able to be used for different weights.

Sensors that can be used and slightly modified depending on the specific challenge that year.

Common issue: Motors spin and generate back EMF that affects the rest of the control system. Would be good to have a system that uses a single battery for everything, but keeps the noise out of the rest of the system.

Would also be very useful to have a wireless charging system because it is very easy to short something out when removing the battery from the the robot for charging.

Also be able to run off of wall power while charging.

Reach goal: Having a mat to put underneath the gameboard to charge the robot while running.

Putting more wiring into PCBs to help get the wiring more streamlined.

Jetson nano is similar in specs to RPi but has better graphics and is cheaper. Also runs Ubuntu.

Mabel and Luke have talked with Dr. Van Neste about doing the wireless power transfer.

IEEE robot competition has no monetary limit.

Are there any quantitive measurements for the conceptual design?

Does not have a quantitative measure in mind, team will need to give our quantitative measurements for project.

Can look at past competitions and go from there.

D Channel bars for movable motors on the sides.

Would be great for this base to be the base for next year's IEEE robot. Also, making a manual for adapting the robot would be very useful.

This project is similar to making a "base vex system" - Roberts.

intended function
3rd party buildable design

Last year's robot needed better sensors for distance and rotation measuring.

Would be good for the robot to be able to measure it's position and rotation at all times.

Needs to use ROS -> good for

Define a "slice" out of that 1 cubic foot to accomplish all of our goals.

Some part of shall statement around size

battery, charging, mobility, etc. to put in that volume

The "musts": Charging, "dirty and clean buses", base navigation in as small of a package as possible.

Mecanum wheels are best because they allow for arbitrary movement.

Advice from Roberts: Would do a PCB, draw inspiration from electric cars. There is usually a base frame that the batteries are in which keeps low center of gravity, and has wheels w/ indep motors. PCB that's riding on rails that gives it rigidity and support, controller has a place that it sits, power bus, plug into communication spots, etc.

Sonar sensors are used a lot, cameras are a no-go - too expensive and software is difficult. Line-followers are also common.

Use kicad for PCBS, autocad for electrical schematics, python is the language used for most software stuff.

Should get feedback at least twice before the due date.

My notes:
Idea for battery charging: get commercial battery charger that reqs a DC input to charge, have a large metal plane to on bottom of chassis to "catch" the wireless power transfer and supply AC to AC->DC and then to batt charger. This also blocks the charging from the rest of the circuitry.

Maybe having two batteries and then having one charged at a time, switching off once fully charged.

# Group 7 Meeting Minutes 23-09-01

## Attendance:

**In-Person:**
Isaac Jennings\
Isaac Hoese\
Reid Crews\
Luke Chapman\
Abigail Kennedy\
Mabel Olson\

**Remote:**

## Team Member Updates

Members did some research into a few topics for the project and the project proposals done in the past.

## Action Items from Last Meeting

- [ ] Start dividing up project proposal

## Meeting Minutes

Worked on the shall statements and getting an idea of what part of the project everyone is interested in

Shall statement basics:\
Something about the dimensions of the project\
Functionality of the project\
Robot starts with one button\
Robot has the ability to navigate\
Customizable dimensions\
Single emergency stop button\
Centralized robust charging system for battery to supply power to the robot that does not require battery removal\
Will use the jetson nano for the computing and control of the robot\
Shall fulfill all standards required by the competition\
Will have all modular code for sensors\
Create a user manual to guide the use of the robot and development of adaptations for the robot

Goal: Have a basic proposal roughly by the end of next week

Will meet next Thursday at 1 in addition to our normal Tuesday meeting to touch base and go over what we have for the proposal

## Action Items for Next Meeting

- [ ] Go over comments and edits made to the project proposal

## Member Assignments

- Go through IEEE robot projects in the github to look for commonalities.
- Start editing the proposal document, leave comments, etc. Each member can write in their own color
