Discussions:
  1. Review over the Project Proposal.
  2. Extremely useful information to the different sections of the proposal was given by both NAVSEA representatives, Rob Sexton and Kristen Voyles, and Mr. Roberts.
  3. Some useful information includes using Grammarly to verify no plagarism, be clear on the problem we are trying to address as a team and how we propose to solve the problem, etc.

Decisions:
  1. Meeting with NAVSEA will occur every other week with the next meeting being on Sept. 28th at 2 p.m.
  2. All team members are in agreement to meet on Sept. 17th from 3 p.m. to 5 p.m. through the Discord Voice channel to finalize and review the Project Proposal. Proposal will be turned in after 6 p.m. on that day to avoid missing the deadline at 11:59 p.m.
