# Minutes Week 12

## Attendance
   - Meredith Nye
   - Abe Perkins
   - Sterling Sloan
   - Aaron Stewart
   - JieJun Stowell
   - Austin Williams

## Progress Updates
#### Meredith Nye
Completed good faith effort detailed design for camera software system. 
#### Abe Perkins
#### Sterling Sloan
#### Aaron Stewart
Completed good faith effort detailed design for camera hardware system.
#### JieJun Stowell
#### Austin Williams
Completed good faith effort detailed design for power system for the receiver and camera systems.

## Planned Tasks
#### Meredith Nye
Will continue to work on detailed design for system in effort to obtain a signoff from Dr. Austen.
#### Abe Perkins
#### Sterling Sloan
#### Aaron Stewart
Continue progress for detailed design, aiming for signoff from Dr. Austen.
#### JieJun Stowell
#### Austin Williams
Continue work for detailed design in an effort to obtain a signoff. Complete Peer Review for teams two and five.

## Discussion Notes
Power Subsystem Questions:
- Constraints
  - Minimal maintenance (Check lifetime on components)
  - Where are the receivers plug it in if possible 
  - Voltage and tolerance should be compatible with the devices being used  (voltage tolerance, current, average and peak current) 
     - Average energy, 
     - Look at current profile for motors ( Peak at the start ) 
     - Solar and battery look at energy budget (Split into two separate parts
     - Use a regulator to drop from 5V to 3.3V
     - Careful with noise from motors coupling into power busses (Research how to mitigate this) 
- Conceptual Design Reviews
    - Conflict with the number of teams
- Camera Hardware
    - Constraints
        - How do you quantify reliably 
        - Do you want to go across the street with the pilot 
        - Quality image?
            - Want an image of X quality then chose camera and lens to achieve that
        - What will the customer do with the image?
            - How does the image help them ?
            - Identify the drone model?
            - Answer the question before you can write the constraint
        - Constant 3 covered by constant 2 
            - Do you want a sequence of images?
                - How often?
                    - Based on velocity
                    - Should we talk about frames per second
            - Resist weather to a reasonable degree
                - Be specific 
                - Refer back to a rating system like IPX 
                    - Temp, Precip, Humidity, Birds, Squirrels 
        - Should we still take images of cleared drones then not store that 
            - Doesn’t know that five belongs in this subsystem 
            - May be in database 
        - Something missing 
            - How fast can the drone be move to be capable of tracking
                - Motors have slew rate
                - How fast and how far is the drone 
                - Come up with a number based on assumptions
                - What’s going to be good enough?
        - Do we need to mention physical obstructions
            - Provided no obstructions
            - Still take the image
            - Easiest is to store it and let the user ignore that image
            - Building map on obstructions would be a lot of work with no real gain
        - Light Levels need to be considered
            - What light level will you want a usable picture
            - Similar to obstruction 
            - Define what is too dark to get a good image
            - Find resources to come up with a number
            - Datasheets for cameras may help to find a realistic number
    - Test cases
        - Website
            - How could you come up with a scenario for a test case
            - How do I test code after it is written
            - Look at data flow.
            - Functional requirement -> how to we test that
                - See what it does with this or that input, or a sequence of inputs
            - Run through your algorithm following that dataflow
            - Code is more nebulous in defining that (Hazy) (I did not know what that meant lol)
- Who parses the data 
- Each person should email Dr. Austen when we think we are all good and he will look at the GitHub 

## Upcoming Deadlines
Peer Review of Conceptual Design- 4/16

## Other
