# Group 7 Meeting Minutes 23-10-17

## Attendance:

**In-Person:**
Luke Chapman
Isaac Hoese
Isaac Jennings
Mabel Olson
Abigail Kennedy
Reid Crews
Nan Chen

**Remote:**


## Team Member Updates

Everyone looked into their subsystems and did a little preliminary research.

## Action Items from Last Meeting

Go over what everyone has done

## Meeting Minutes

**Supervisor Meeting:**

Discussed conceptual design document and ideas for the detail design. Dr. Chen said the conceptual design looks good and the breakdown of subsystems looks good.

Dr Chen suggested doing as much analytical validation, simulation, cad, etc. as possible before the detailed design submission(s).

Dr. Chen agreed that sensors makes sense as the first subsystem, and said that the processors should probably be one of the next most important subsystems

Go ahead and start 3d printed asap. Good idea to try and print with Dr. Van Neste if he is ok with it.

Discussed the master control software systems

**Team Meeting:**

Luke asked everyone in the team to give their subsystems' current requirements

Team discussed what subsystems everyone will work on before next week.

## Action Items for Next Meeting

Team will go over what everyone has done on their subsystems

## Member Assignments

Members are assigned to start on one of their subsystems

- [ ] Isaac J: Master control
- [ ] Isaac H: Line following
- [ ] Reid: Position sensor
- [ ] Mabel: Chassis structure
- [ ] Abigail: Motor + motor driver
- [ ] Luke: Power distribution