# Minutes Week 3

## Attendance
   - Meredith Nye
   - Abe Perkins
   - Sterling Sloan
   - Aaron Stewart
   - JieJun Stowell
   - Austin Williams

## Progress Updates
#### Meredith Nye
Completed project proposal outline in Overleaf and sent an invite to the team.
#### Abe Perkins
Began research into background information and existing solutions. 
#### Sterling Sloan
#### Aaron Stewart
#### JieJun Stowell
Look into the Physical resources and Budget for this project.
#### Austin Williams
Reserved room and set up a weekly meeting with supervisor: Dr. Austen.

## Planned Tasks
#### Meredith Nye
Continue creating the Gantt Chart for the timeline, and look over the project proposal
#### Abe Perkins
Continue research and draft portions of the project proposal.
#### Sterling Sloan
Continue research and draft portions of the project proposal.
#### Aaron Stewart
Continue research and draft portions of the project proposal.
#### JieJun Stowell
Find out the components and the estimated budget required.
#### Austin Williams
Continue research and writing of project proposal.

## Discussion Notes
-	Background info- question
   - Bad things drones are doing that police should account for
      - Safety Issue – Regulations addressing this
      - Privacy Issues – Spying, blackmail, etc
      - Harassment, stalking, 
-	Document in-use by Abe and Sterling for their work
   - Windtalker 3.0, works up to 25km radius
      - Serial, location (drone, pilot) flightpath, velocity and location of drone
         - RID Device sold by bluemarket, blocks phone apps from giving location of drone and pilot
            - Swaps to LAN, avoids 
-	What to do in event of non-contact with police officers
   - Try to see what they could want in terms of tracking, alarming
-	Looking into apps for tracking drones
   - Drone-Scanner
   - Not illegal due to authorities having “better” capabilities
   - Little sus
-	Looking into FAA rules regarding drone flight
   - Exact things to be transmitted
      - Who has to do so
      - What are the limitations?
   - Needs to be federal/technological regulations
      - Campus has access to paywalled sites
-	Develop Shall Statements
   - Figure out what, how, shall
      - Make sure the statements are loose for free movement
-	What data should they see in
   - Real Time
   - Historical
   - How to see it?
      - Cell Phones, Tablets
   - How to communicate it
-	Federal, State, Local, campus standards
   - Technological standards, airspace standards
      - Trigger a report based on airspace travelled in
-	Think of 6 subsystems to develop 
   - Software considered subsystems
      - Think of functionality
-	Storage
   - Centralized or distributed
      - Collect
      - Process
      - Store
      - Alert
   - Determine how to see the data on a mobile device
-	Find standards
   - Keep track of where standards are gathered


## Upcoming Deadlines
Project Proposal - 2/16/24

## Other
Agenda:
  - Add Dr.Austin into the GitHub
  - Address areas of the project proposal that all members will be working on
      - Introduction
      - Subsystem ideas
  - Address any questions members have about certain portions of the project proposal
