# Minutes Starter File

## Attendance
   - Meredith Nye
   - Abe Perkins
   - Sterling Sloan
   - Aaron Stewart
   - JieJun Stowell
   - Austin Williams

## Progress Updates
#### Meredith Nye
Looked at overall team progress. Attempted Github file organization.
#### Abe Perkins
#### Sterling Sloan
#### Aaron Stewart
#### JieJun Stowell
#### Austin Williams

## Planned Tasks
#### Meredith Nye
Start thinking about what miminal prototype specifications would be for the camera software system. Work on code for system after receiving hardware components from Dr.Austen.
#### Abe Perkins
#### Sterling Sloan
#### Aaron Stewart
#### JieJun Stowell
#### Austin Williams

## Discussion Notes
- NFPA 70 standard
    - May be more applicable since it covers more than NEC 310
- Bill of materials discussion
    - Raspberry Pi 4B
        - We already have one 
        - We are going to use the one that we already have for the camera system instead of ordering a new one
        - We will still need to order a Raspberry Pi 5 for the database system 
    - Separate the manufacturer from the supplier with the part and description
        - English readable and the part number 
        - Manufacturer part number
        - Supplier part number 
    - Supplier may also change if you have a better deal or stock runs out
    - In general, we will order what we need for the prototype
        - Won’t waste money on multiple parts 
        - Only order one or two to get the prototype running
        - We could later order the other parts such as weatherproofing
        - Maybe separate things by column as order now and order later
    - Send the BOM to Dr. Austen first to check everything before ordering
- Amazon do you have complete data on the part
    - Sometimes the data sheet is hard to find 
    - That makes it hard to be sure of what you have 
    - The reliability is also questionable at times. 
- The next step past ordering is minimal functional prototype
    - October 28th Deadline
    - We need to come up with a document to define minimal functionality?
    - We will likely negotiate back and forth to see what the core functionality will be.
    - Each subsystem should have a list of what it means to be functional and how will we prove that. 
        - Needs to be demonstrable
- Don’t order NEMA box to show that solar panels charge the battery 
    - Just be careful to not leave it out in the rain.
- Final Presentation is December 5th
- Due dates are coming fast, so we need to get the hardware ordered and starting testing. Coders need to begin coding
- Subsystem dependency for testing.
    - We need test programs to show minimal functionality
    - For example some signals from camera software to camera hardware
    - Think about ways we can do as much as possible on our own, but we will need interactions for testing at some point
    - Think about what we will be needing from the other subsystems to run further testing
## Upcoming Deadlines
10/28 - Minimal prototype
## Other
