# Group 7 Meeting Minutes yy-mm-dd

## Attendance:

**In-Person:**
Reid Crews\
Mabel Olson\
Isaac Hoese\
Isaac Jennings\
Luke Chapman\
Abigail Kennedy\

**Remote:**


## Team Member Updates

Members added more to the proposal and budget

## Action Items from Last Meeting

Work on proposal document and assign portions of the proposal to different members.

## Meeting Minutes

The team worked on the project proposal and went through all of the comments and edits made by different members.

Assigned sections to different members to work on before next meeting.

## Action Items for Next Meeting

Go over updates to proposal document

## Member Assignments

Abigail:
- [ ] Add new sensors to sensor background section and possible solutions - lidar, spot laser, vision, maybe capacitive proximity background ans possible solutions sections

Isaac Jennings:
- [ ] Finish Jetson Nano section and add citations
- [ ] Summary of problem
- [ ] Remove AI info

Isaac Hoese:
- [ ] Add battery info to specifications
- [ ] Make navigation specifications more generalized
- [ ] Move mecanum wheels to background and specifications

Mabel:
- [ ] Finish sensors in sensor background section - ultrasonic, line following, magnetic field sensor, bump sensor
- [ ] Critical Unknowns
- [ ] Add additional start possibilities in list of possible solutions

Reid:
- [ ] DC Motor and Back EMF background - talk about terms "clean" and "dirty" buses
- [ ] Background section on ROS
- [ ] Citation for H-Bridge and brushless DC motors

Luke:
- [ ] Wireless background section
- [ ] Necessary software in resources section
- [ ] Summary of problems

Everyone:
- [ ] Placement of sections in document
- [ ] Standards
- [ ] Continue adding comments where needed