DISCUSSIONS
  1) Discuss meeting adjustment to 2:30 pm to 3:00 pm to allow 1:30 pm meeting with Roberts in Capstone Lab in Brown Hall.
  2) Detail Design
    a) Kyle Plant - Input on LoRaWAN
        i) Integration with CSC server from central location of data from the detectors.
        ii) Transmit data from the vehicle detector to the Capstone Lab using LoRaWAN.
    b) Michael Sisk - Update on CSC team meeting and Github link
        i) Email Github link to NAVSEA and include Roberts in the email.
    c) Have updates from the Power subsystem members.
    d) Be aware of communication between team members and all systems. Make sure it is strong communication.

DECISIONS
  1) Have sign-off for Detail Design for Ground Based Sensor System complete by Nov. 1st at 9 pm.
