### Meeting Notes 9/01/2023
Attendance: Carson, Caleb, Dylan, Jared
### General Updates
We need valid signoffs by Tuesday, Sept. 5
We need to focus on the signoffs: Arduino, Machine Learning, Mounting, Output, Power
Getting the information together and all components figured out will come first, then schematic designs will be made to finish the signoffs. 

### Individual Updates
- Carson: Machine learning is dependent on the memory of the DSP. Options include: no memory, 1 more filter (a few kilobytes), load pre-set coefficients (loads of memory). Will need to send data back and forth from machine learning and Arduino.
- Caleb: May have to change components because it was based on constraints of the main processor but will be changed to use more power.
- Dylan: Worked with Jared and Jalene to review and help.
- Jared: Made changes to error signoff and submitted pull request.
- Jalene: Found a good buck converter that we can use for our design. We will go from Wall wort to buck converter to each subsystem (except for main processor).

### Future actions
- Carson: Will work on machine learning signoff and compiling information. Then will work on Arduino.
- Caleb & Jalene: Will research new hardware that uses up to 10-12 V for the speaker and reaches the right pressure based on the room. Find the power rating of the speaker and figure out how connections will be made with power source.
- Dylan & Jared: Work on mounting signoff first, power, then error. Figure out all constraints for mounting (Carson's main processor will be on the bottom base of the mount), make places for wires to go through, the top part removable.
