# Minutes Week 21

## Attendance
   - Meredith Nye
   - Abe Perkins
   - Sterling Sloan
   - Aaron Stewart
   - JieJun Stowell
   - Austin Williams

## Progress Updates
#### Meredith Nye
Created version 1 of the minimal functionality requirements. Planned camera software code.
#### Abe Perkins
Created an initial version of minimal functionality requirements. 
#### Sterling Sloan 
Looking into Arduino libraries for receivers and transmitters.
#### Aaron Stewart
Begin construction of camera system; tested servos and camera functionality
#### JieJun Stowell
Set up the raspberry pi 5 to host the database and network, had problem with getting SSD(M.2 SATA 3) to show up because it is not compatiable with the Raspberry pi M.2 Hat.
#### Austin Williams
Got all parts ordered and started working on minimal functionality document.

## Planned Tasks
#### Meredith Nye
Continue work on camera software. Begin experimenting and getting to know the pi 4 system.
#### Abe Perkins
Iterate on current website design, begin working with dummy SQL database to pull data from.
#### Sterling Sloan
Finish BOM and getting orders. Start troubleshooting code. 
#### Aaron Stewart
Continue work on system construction, order a second bracket for system
#### JieJun Stowell
Getting a new SSD(M.2 NVMe) ordered, and finish the RID unpacking code.
#### Austin Williams
Finish document for minimal functionality and begin testing when parts are received.

## Discussion Notes
- We will be having class Wednesday to discuss the Lessons Learned assignment
- Minimal function Prototype format?
    - Situation:
        - We are contracting someone to build a system for us
        - One of the contract milestones is this demonstration
        - What are we going to write down in what needs to be demonstrated and how
        - Think from both POVs: builder and buyer
        - Builder: Have all the essentials but not too much
        - Buyer: Make sure we have all the essentials 
        - 3rd party could say yes or no for requirements
    - Need specifics
    - Have some tolerances
    - For a power supply, Meredith specifically wouldn’t be super relevant; more relevant for battery / solar powered
    - For the monitoring of Camera system, power monitoring is not relevant now
    - Numbered list is fine for format 
    - Not writing an Iron clad spec at this point 
    - Power
        - Consider showing that the solar panel can charge it
            - Show current entering the battery 
            - Don’t need to discharge the battery at this point 
    - Receiver
        - Receive a signal from a drone
            - Show that we received it and point out a few bits that show that it is not noise
        - Send information to the database
- Get started on building and coding
- Micah recommend that we would get started on the poster and lessons learned presentation
- Look at lessons learned from previous projects
    - It is in reports
    - Focus on particular problems then dig deeper as why the problem occurred
        - Problem in the design or a failure earlier on?
        - Helps see what improvements can be made towards future projects
- Critical to know how the different subsystems will talk to one another
- For posters, look at others and see what is good or bad about previous work
- Get some good pictures
    - A good team picture soon while the weather is nice still
- Look ahead on testing
    - Experimental analysis?
    - We still need to do multiple tests for some statistical analysis 
        - How will we accomplish that
- Ordering
    - Sterling still needs to order his two parts
    - Everything else should be ordered
## Upcoming Deadlines
Oct. 28 - Minimal Functionality Prototype

Oct. 16 - CATME Round 3 
## Other
