# Minutes Week 23

## Attendance
   - Meredith Nye
   - Abe Perkins
   - Sterling Sloan
   - JieJun Stowell
   - Austin Williams

## Progress Updates
#### Meredith Nye
Worked on coding and researched python and rasberry pi set up. Got help from team members with starting the process of initializing the sd card. 
#### Abe Perkins
Continued working on the website, working on formatting the area around the map to display data from the database cleanly. 
#### Sterling Sloan
#### Aaron Stewart
Continued work on subsystem testing, worked on attaching camera to servo rig
#### JieJun Stowell
Moved code onto the Raspberry pi for testing, code run succefully - build with no error.
#### Austin Williams

## Planned Tasks
#### Meredith Nye
Set up the rasberry pi and run a test code. Talk to JieJun about database communication and begin working on that.
#### Abe Perkins
Planned to work on pulling data from the database to populate the map. Need dummy data placed in the database to make sure code works before the whole system is melded together. 
#### Sterling Sloan
#### Aaron Stewart
Complete and numerically test subsystem to prove functionality
#### JieJun Stowell
Need to input dummy data into the database, and create a dummy data package for testing.
#### Austin Williams

## Discussion Notes
* Minimal Functionality is now due 11/11/2024
* Final poster due 26th
* Presentation is December 5th
* USB power tester board measures voltage and current 
    * Dr. Austen will look for this for further testing
* Aaron's system is working as expected 
* Sterling is still working on some code
* Abe is working with maps and database interface 
* Meredith is becoming familiar with implementing her code on the RaspberryPi
    * May need a computer adapter that can copy files over from her computer to the SD card
* Austin has everything tested outside the usb board tester that Dr. Austen needs to find
    * He is ready to demonstrate once Dr. Austen prints off the minimum functionality list.
* JieJun
    * JieJun is still working on code implementation
    * Squaring off areas for mapping
        * Using some sort of polygon to have flexibility over a square
        * Square should be good for minimum functionality
    * As long as an image can be stored in the database that is good for minimum functionality
    * Look in the capstone lab closet for adapter for cdmi to display port cable to use a monitor in the capstone lab

## Upcoming Deadlines
Nov. 11 - Minimal Functionality Prototype

Nov. 18 - Experimental Analysis

Nov. 27 - Individual Presentations

## Other
