# Group 7 Meeting Minutes 23--09-19

## Attendance:

**In-Person:**\
Nan Chen\
Abigail Kennedy\
Luke Chapman\
Isaac Hoese\
Isaac Jennings\
Reid Crews

**Remote:**


## Team Member Updates

The team completed the proposal document over the weekend. 

Luke uploaded the final proposal document to the GitHub repository and removed the proposal markdown file.

Mabel submitted the link to the GitHub repository on iLearn. 

Abigail sent the email about getting access to the capstone lab in Brown 408, waiting on response.

Members looked into some topics for the conceptual design.

## Action Items from Last Meeting

Talk to Dr. Chen about proposal submission and getting started on the conceptual design.

## Meeting Minutes

**Supervisor Meeting:**

Dr. Chen will have proposal graded by next monday (she predicts)

Dr. Chen suggested to go ahead and look at dividing up the subsections between the team members, and if we have any questions about the conceptual design to ask.

Discussed the grading for the conceptual design, makes sense that the first draft is 6%, followed by us getting feedback before 12% for the final draft.

Discussed learning about additional requirements for battery charging for the IEEE competition that may affect how we are able to do the power system and battery charging of the robot. After submitting the proposal and beginning research for the conceptual design, a document was found stating that there will be a designated high-current table that is used for battery charging. 

Dr. Chen does not think that this is too much of a concern right now. Find out if the IEEE competition does this every year.

Teams are required to use the provided practice board when at the competition, cannot bring their own.

Ask Roberts: When he says wireless charging and not wanting the battery to be removed, does he mean specifically for the competition or generally for the entire design process.

It is possible that we will need to adjust our shall statements. The battery will probably need to have the option of being removable. Consider having a battery module or something similar to electric drills and other small electric tools that can be removable. This way the battery module can be directly charged when in the robot and it can be removed and charged if not.

A lot of things to figure out - distributed systems with master control, manufacturing the chassis.

Note - iMakerspace often has a long waiting time

We can send a more detailed subsystem breakdown to Dr. Chen once we have it.

By the beginning of next semester, parts should at least start being ordered. This means that there will have to be CAD and simulation work done by then.

Ask Roberts about talking to a person with experience in mechanical design. Maybe Robert Craven.

**Team Meeting:**

Discussed in more detail the subsystems to be divided up.

Dividing sensing up into the different tasks that the sensors need to be able to do.

Should make a convention that everyone should follow for code. Will have a meeting for coding conventions after conceptual design since that pertains more to the detail design.

Removed software subsection from the power section since it will likely come with either distribution or charging and won't be enough to be its own separate subsection.

Look into electric drill batteries and similar things for having an easily removable battery module.

Current subsystem breakdown (Everything after a colon is a subsystem separated by commas):

- Master Control: ROS, Decision Making
	+ Navigation
		* Sensing: Orientation, location, line following, object detection
		* Motor Control: Hardware, Software
	+ Power
		* Charging: Battery/wire power detection (software), Battery, etc. hardware, wireless evaluation
		* Distribution: power consumption, layout and pcb design
	+ Chassis: Subsystem/module layout, wire organization, extrusion rods, motor layout, attachments, wheels
	
Everyone will work on their subsystem(s) for the manual

Member assignments in the Member assignments section.

Went over the specific expectations for each subsystem.

## Action Items for Next Meeting

Go over what everyone has done in the last week

## Member Assignments

(MC = Master Controller)

Look at example conceptual designs from other groups. Members will research as much of their assignments defined below as possible based on what others have done in their conceptual designs.

Assignments:

Mabel: Chassis, power distribution
- Research effective layouts, know sensor locations, general wire organization system

Luke: Battery charging and management
- wireless eval/justification, determination between battery/wired power, determine battery location

Reid: Position/Location, object detection
- Decipher inputs into usable data, output to MC, how will board be divided? (reference), initial location (0,0), object detection, wall or object recognization?

Hoese: Orientation, line following
- Decipher inputs into usable data, output to MC, gyroscope vs compass, what does it look like for inputs?, how many sensors?

Jennings: Master control, ROS
- Take nav inputs: already deciphered from sensors, likely sent over serial bus

Abigail: Motor control
- Input from master control, rotary encoder - distance traveled, output to MC
 