# DISCUSSIONS
  
  ## Roberts Meeting
     1) Solar and Battery/Power Controller Subsystem
      a) Power Controller and Solar/Battery can be done simultaneously to avoid issue with connections not working together.
      b) Key thing is to make sure in simultaneous movement together, not one being greater than the other.
      c) Review was cancelled per request of Khalifah for the Solar and Battery Subsystem during meeting with Roberts. Review was cancelled by Roberts during the meeting.
    2) Charge Controller
      a) Explanation of regulating current flow to avoid over-current and issues with other subsystems.
    3) Data Subsystem
      a) Review if file is good faith effort with a review by Roberts.
      b) Comments given about the necessary information for all sections, including buildable schematics.
      c) Review was cancelled per request of Kyle for the Data Subsystem during meeting with Roberts. Review was cancelled by Roberts during the meeting.
    4) Loop Controller Subsystem
      a) Look into max. current flow for the Loop Controller
      b) Necessary amount of wire is available in the ECE department by Conrad Murphy
      c) Can use electrical tape to hold wire together in loops.
      d) Have permission to use duct tape to hold loops to the road for temporary testing. More useful due to a proof of concept idea project. No need for thick rubber mats for protection. 
 ## NAVSEA Meeting
    1) Inductance Detection
      a) Find way to boost signal if it is weak so inductance change can be detected.
      b) Use of op amps to increase strength of signal if necessary.
      c) Faraday’s Law
    2) Charge Controller Subsystem
      a) Explanation of the system to Rob Sexton.
    3) Collaboration with CSC Team
      a) Create a Master Schedule by next meeting for any deadlines the CSC team has for the ECE team and any deadlines the ECE team has for the CSC team.


# DECISIONS
  1) Next meeting with NAVSEA will possibly be on campus instead of through Microsoft Teams due to Industrial Advisory Board meeting the following week after Thanksgiving.
